Release 5.1.1: 
Multi Mass solver added
overlap operator added
parallel IO added

Release 5.0.3: 
bug fix release, release published in computer 
physics communications

Release 5.0.0:
new input file structure (monomials) allowing for any even 
number of quarks

Release 4.0.0:
new IO format
inversion for split doublet
checksums
improvements for the PHMC
preconditioning for the CG

Release 4.0.0-rc2:
Improvements for the PHMC
preconditioning for the CG

Release 4.0.0-rc1:
PHMC merged into main trunk and first running version,
also for 1+1 flavours

Release 3.2.2:
performance improvements for BG/L and opteron
target machines

Release 3.2.1:
Bugfix release. Basically bug fixed on the altix for
shmem version.

Release 3.2.0:
New Dirac Operator where only half of the spinor is
exchanged. This bring a 20% improvement on the BG/L
Moreover, shmem versions of the exchange routines
are available.

shmem not yet completely testet!

Release 3.1.0:
Running with an extra BG/L Dirac operator

Release 2.3.6:
Bug fix release and some minor important new features.

Release 2.3.5:
Bug fix release and some new input parameter, see
NEWS for details.

Release 2.3.4:
Integration scheme with error cancellation 
Reversibility check implemented
Relative precision possible
Precisions are input parameter now

Release 2.3.3:
some bug fixes
extended leap frog and Sexton-Weingarten integration
scheme (multiple time scales) implemented and tested

Release 2.3.2:
some bug fixes, extended leap frog integrator

Release 2.3.1:
some bug fixes

Release 2.3:
T and L can be set in the input file now.
The number of processors in x direction
is also set now in the input file.
T= integer
L= integer
NrXProcs = integer

Release 2.2:
DBW2 inplemented and working. New input parameter:
RGIC1 = floating point number
memory dynamically allocated now.

Release 2.1:
working and optimised for x86_64 and AMD Opteron. benchmark tool
added. Even Odd geometry also for the gauge fields and the possibility
to use a copy of the gauge fields for a better cache usage.
New configure options: 
--enable-opteron   : Enables cache optimisation for Opteron [default=no]
--enable-gaugecopy : Enables usage of a copy of the gauge field [default=yes]
--enable-eogeom    : Enables usage of EO geometry also for the gauge fields [default=yes]

Release 2.0:
second parallel direction introduced

Release 1.2.0:
Implementation of the Hasebusch trick with a third pseudo fermion
field.

Release 1.1.0:
Implementation of the Hasenbusch trick with two pseudo fermion
fields. This is also tested.

Release 1.0.1:
fully parallelized tm, Wilson and clover impr. dynamical QCD code with
SSE2 improvement for P4 and improvement for IBM power4. Serial version
gives not the correct results. EO order implemented for also for the
gauge fields, but not yet switched on per default. To do so one has to
undef OlD in geometry_eo.c and xchange.c. This order will not yet work
with clover improved Wilson.
